[Autogenerated] all right.
And this brings us to data firehose.
So we just got done.
Looking at Cannes is is data streams and how we can use those.
So let's move on to data fire host now,
Data firehose is another fully managed service that allows
for real time data delivery within a W S.
It provides output to data sources like S3,
red shift, elastic search and even Splunk.
So if you're needing to output all of your records and stream
data to some type of storage destination data,
firehose is probably your best bet.
Now,
the cool thing about data firehose minus the massive amounts of data that it
can stream in real time is that it can also output raw data.
Or it can transform data before delivering.
So we can perform data transformation on a record
before its output to are S3 buckets, for example.
That's a pretty cool feature.
Now the last thing I want to talk about here is that it stores
data up to 24 hours in case of delivery failures.
So this is similar to data streams where we have a retention
period that allows for replay of failed processing.
So let's go ahead and take a look at an example.
Architecture of data Firehose.
Now here we have a python application running on Niecy to instance,
and this is similar to our previous one,
where we use a Java application in the diagram,
and it's putting records into our data firehose.
Now this would be a massive amount of data that's
getting put in more than likely.
And on the back end here,
you can see that we don't have a traditional consumer like we do with data.
Streams were actually putting records that are transformed
within data firehose into elastic search service,
which allows us to do some processing and analytics.
But what's nice is we can store the raw source records in an S3 bucket,
as well as any failed records that failed to process.
So it allows us to have a backup of our data that comes
in so we can see what's going on.
So this is one of the key benefits to data fire hoses,
the multiple outputs and the data transformation that comes along with it.
So with that,
let's go ahead and we'll wrap this clip up here and we'll pick up in the console in the next clip and we'll start looking at data firehose